Things to cover
	
1.) Review code of smok xml generation(SmokXmlReader)
	Set standard smok xml
	Verify smok xml generation for only classes
	Verify smok xml generation for only methods
	Verify smok xml generation for both classes and methods
	Verify smok xml generation for boundary conditions i.e classes are not their ambiguity in methods: TBD  
	
2.) Create repository that can save and read objects(ObjectRepository)
	Generic creation is still missing: TBD

3.) Review code of aspects creation
	Test templating: Template Processor. Create an interface and user will use that interface to create actual objects out of template
	Recording aspect: 
		a.) Test Recording aspect: Are we able to do the recording using the Recording aspect| RecorderAspect. It's test case need to be modified
		b.) Test aspectj file: Create actual aspectj file from the java class and then verify that aspect file manually. Verified RecordingAspect.aj it's working as desired 
		c.) Are we creating recoding aspect in sync with our sample recording aspect
		d.) Test aj file creation for class
		e.) Test aj file creation for methods
	Playback aspect

4.) Test integration of recording aspects with the repository

5.) Test integration of playback aspects with the repository
	


TODO

1.) Create aspect files in package directory of class, if directory doesn't exist create it
2.) Save recordings in the package directory, if directory doesn't exist create it






-- Aspect File Creation
1.) Create Aspect file in the specified package directory


Things to be done

DONE
1.) Define smok xml 
2.) Creating Smok object from xml file
3.) Marshal and un-marshal objects 
4.) Create a java file that can be used as a reference by smok recording aspect. All recording related testing can be done on this class.
5.) Create recording smok aj file for a specific class
6.) Create smok recorder template
		Smok template for class
		Smok template for method
7.) Create smok aj file from recording template
		Class smok aj file
		Method smok aj file
8.) Create Class smok aj file from smok xml
9.) Create Method smok aj file from smok xml
IN PROGRESS

PLAYBACK 




